# iStudent-project
A student management system for college students in Dominican College San Juan. Made in Visual Studio using VB .NET
iStudent administration panel will have the following features, essential to the iStudent web portal’s features:
Encoding of Student Profile. The administrator can encode the personal information of the student, from their student number as the primary key of the system, down to their biodata, such as full name, birthdate, course information, and guardian information. This feature in the administrator panel is in conjunction with iStudent web portal’s User Profile feature. 
Encoding of Subject List. The administrator can encode all subjects the college department offers to the students. The subjects list will be used for the student record and student grades module of the administrator panel. This feature in the administrator panel is in conjunction with iStudent web portal’s User Grade’s feature.
Encoding of Student Records. The administrator can encode all the students enrolled in a particular subject within the system. In this feature, relevant information will be pulled from the student profile and subject list features respectively. This feature in the administrator panel is in conjunction with iStudent web portal’s User Grade’s feature.
Encoding of Student Grades. The administrator can encode all the student’s grades per subject they are enrolled in. In this feature, relevant information will be pulled from the Student Record feature. This feature in the administrator panel is in conjunction with iStudent web portal’s User Grade’s feature.
Encoding of Dashboard Information. The administrator can encode the general announcements or information needed to be disseminated to the students of the college department. This feature in the administrator panel is in conjunction with iStudent web portal’s Dashboard feature.
Manage Users. The administrator can encode and manage all the student accounts for the student web portal in this feature. This feature will allow the user to be registered with an official account and be able to access the student web portal. 
Manage Administrator. The administrator can encode and manage their own account and other personnel who will be utilizing the administrator panel. 
